Dokdo
Dokdo, the easternmost island in Korea, has a special meaning to the Korean people because it was the first Korean territory to fall victim to Japanese imperialism.
It was returned to Korea with the country's independence in 1945. So Dokdo become a symbol of Korean independence and sovereignty.
When Koreans think of Dokdo, we are reminded of the importance of independence and sovereignty.
For the sake of peace in Asia and the world, we will never lose the sovereignty of Dokdo again.
In June of the 13th year of the reign of King Jijeung, Usanguk(nation) surrendered and promised to provide local products every year for tributes. - Samguk sagi
Samguk sagi is a history book about the three kingdoms period.
This book reads the ancient nation of Usanguk, occupying the present-day Ulleungdo and Dokdo, was subjugated to Silla Kingdom in 514 - the 13th year of the reign of King Jijeung.
Donggukmunheonbigo also reads that Ulleung and Usan(Dokdo) both belonged to Usanguk and that Usan was referred to as what Japan called Songdo.
Dokdo and Ulleungdo are close and each island can be seen from the other on a clear day. - Sejong sillok jiriji
Sejong sillok covers King Sejong's reign, a part of the Annals of the Joseon Dynasty, which was inscribed on the UNESCO Memory of the World Register.
This book reads that Ulleungdo and Dokdo belonged to Uljin in Gangwondo and that the two islands are visible from each other on a fine day.
Dokdo is the sole island that can be seen only on a clear day with the naked eye from Ulleungdo.
An Yong-bok and other fishermen went to Ulleungdo and then to Hoki Province, Japan.
They filed a complaint against Japanese fishermen and returned to Yangyang in Gangwondo.- Sukjong sillok
Fisherman An Yong-bok went to Japan twice in the late 17th century to clarify Joseon's sovereignty over Ulleungdo and Dokdo.
An's protest led to an investigation about the sovereignty over the two islands by Joseon and Japan.
In the end, Japan confirmed Joseon's sovereignty and issued a ban on sailing to Ulleungdo in 1696.
Ulleungdo shall be renamed as Uldo, and Dogam(island superintendent) shall be promoted to Gunsu(county governor) to take charge of Ulleungdo, Jukdo, and Dokdo. - The Korean Empire's Imperial Decree No.41
To reinforce its control of the two islands, Daehan Jeguk(Korean Empire) issued a decree regarding Ulleungdo and Dokdo on October 25, 1900, and documented it in its official gazette.
By doing so, the empire made clear to the public its sovereignty over the two islands and Ulleungdo's jurisdiction over Dokdo.
None of Ulleungdo, Dokdo, and the surrounding islets belongs to Tottori.-Response from Tottori Prefecture
In 1693 during King Sukjong's reign, Joseon's fisherman An Yong-bok confronted the Japanese authorities and confirmed Joseon's sovereignty over Ulleungdo and Dokdo.
The Japanese government inquired into the sovereignty over Ulleungdo, and Tottori prefecture responded that neither Ulleungdo nor Dokdo belonged to Japan.
Consequently, Japan banned its fishermen from going to Ulleungdo in 1696.
Ulleungdo and Dokdo belong to Gangwondo, Joseon. - Memorandum on the Arrival of a Boat from Joseon in 1696
An Yong-bok went to Japan twice in the late 17th century during Sukjong's reign to contest Japanese fishing around Ulleungdo.
The memorandum on the Arrival of a Boat from Joseon in 1696 was a record of Japan's investigation of this case in 1696.
According to this record, An stated that Gangwondo of Joseon had jurisdiction over Ulleungdo and Dokdo.
Ulleungdo and Dokdo have nothing to do with Japan. - Dajokan Order
In 1876, the Japanese government published a new land registry.
During this process, Japan's Home Ministry investigated and concluded that Ulleungdo and Dokdo were not part of Japan.
Considering the importance of this matter, the ministry inquired of Dajokan, then the highest administrative body of the Japanese government at the time.
In1877, Dajokan issued an order to confirm that the two islands did not belong to Japan. 
Japan, recognizing the independence of Korea, renounces all right, title and claim to Korea, including the islands of Quelpart (Jejudo), Port Hamilton (Geomundo) and Dagelet (Ulleungdo). - San Francisco Peace Treaty
After its defeat in WWII, Japan signed the San Francisco Peace Treaty with the Allied Powers in 1951.
In this treaty, Japan recognized Korea's independence and renounced its right to all territories taken by force.
Dokdo was the first victim of Japanese imperialism and became a symbol of Korea's independence.
Our Step toward Freedom!
For the Korean people, Dokdo symbolizes full independence and freedom.
Dokdo was the first step Japan took to taking away Korean territory in the early 20th century.
It was returned to Korea in 1945, along with Korea's independence from Japan.
Dokdo became a symbol of our independence and freedom.
Our Step toward Lasting Peace in Asia!
Dokdo symbolizes our dream toward building a peaceful Asia.
In 1905, Japan took Dokdo to use its geopolitical advantage and achieved victory in the Russo-Japanese War.
Then, it took over Korea and waged wars to control other Asian countries.
Our dedication to protecting Dokdo from Japan goes hand in hand with our desire to make Asia war-free and peaceful.
Our step toward Lasting Freedom!
In our heart is the blood of Korean freedom fighters who fought Japanese imperialism.
Dokdo was the first step Japan took in taking away Korean territory in the early 20th century.
And Korean freedom fighters sacrificed their lives to achieve Korea's independence from Imperial Japan.
In the 21st century, when we think about Dokdo their blood still runs through our veins, driving us to fight against imperialism.
The Most Meaningful Island for Koreans!
For Koreans, Dokdo symbolizes our country.
Surrounded on three sides by oceans, Korea has over 3,000 islands and islets.
Dokdo is the most meaningful island, which we will always protect.
To us, Dokdo means Korea.