The flower of Korea
Mugunghwa (Rose of Sharon) - Flowering Time: July to October
Mugunghwa is Korea's national flower.
Mugung means eternal, which represents Korea's lasting prosperity.
Koreans began to call their home "Country of Mugunghwa" because Korea was covered by many Mugunghwas.
However, during the Japanese occupation period, Mugunghwa also suffered from colonialism.
Japan pulled Mugunghwa from the land because it was widely loved by Koreans as a symbol of the Korean independence movement against Japan.
Mugunghwa spent the times of glory and suffering with the Korean people, and achieved the status of the Korean national flower after independence.
Haeguk (Seashore Spatulate Aster) - Flowering Time: July to November
Haeguk is a native Korean chrysanthemum flower that grows on seashores.
Due to its short height and thick leaves, Haeguk endures strong wind and coldness.
It produces purple flowers in sunny spots between rocks, in July through November.
Haeguk grows only in Korea and Japan.
It originated in Ulleungdo and Dokdo, two Korean islands in the East Sea.
Dokdo is a Korean territory of special meaning to Koreans because it became the first Korean territory to fall victim to Japanese imperialism in 1905.
In fall, Haeguks are in full bloom, coloring Dokdo in purple.
Wangbeot Namu (Korean Flowering Cherry) - Flowering Time: April
Wangbeot Namu is a native Korean cherry tree that originated on the Korean island of Jeju.
Its wood has a high density, and it doesn't easily twist out of shape.
It was widely used for bows, construction, and Buddhist scripture printing.
Listed on the UNESCO Memory of the World, the Goryeo Daejanggyeong (the Tripitaka Koreana) is also made with more than 60% of this tree.
Cherry blossoms represent the spring scenes of Korea.
It reaches peak bloom in April, and people flock to popular cherry blossom destinations across Korea.
During this season, songs about cherry blossoms are popular.
Gaenari (Korean Golden Bell Tree) - Flowering Time: March to April
Gaenari is a native Korean flowering plant that blooms yellow flowers in early spring.
Its flowers bloom in dazzling yellow along the stems, before the leaves come out.
Gaenari has sympetalous flowers. Its petal is split into four in the middle.
It has strong resistance to harmful insects and grows in any environment, so it is commonly found across the country.
It begins to bloom in March when hopeful students start their new semester.
As Gaenari represents a warm spring and a new beginning, it carries the meaning of hope.
Jindalrae (Korean Rhododendron) - Flowering Time: March to April
Jindalrae is a popular spring flower in Korea.
It blooms with pink flowers in March and April, and its flowers come before the leaves.
There are different kinds of Jindalrae.
It is tenacious and grows even in harsh environments, so it is found across Korea.
Its petals are edible and are used to make pancakes, alcohol, and medicine.
Jindalrae is a common subject of Korean poems and songs.
Besides its natural beauty, Jindalrae became a symbol of lost love and country during the Japanese occupation period.
Seomgirincho (Ulleungdo Stonecrop) - Flowering Time: July
Seomgirincho is a native Korean flower that grows on Korea's two eastern islands of Ulleungdo and Dokdo.
Girincho of different kinds belongs to the stonecrop family.
Seomgirincho is most commonly found in Ulleungdo.
It was given this name because it resembles an imaginary animal with horns, called Girin.
It grows in sunny spots between rocks by the sea and blooms with yellow flowers in July.
Ulleungdo has unique natural conditions and ecology and is home to many native plants.
Due to its geographical proximity, Dokdo, Korea's easternmost island, has many of the same plants.
Heuksando Bibichu (Heuksando Hosta) - Flowering Time: July to August
Heuksando Bibichu is a native Korean flower that grows on Korea's southern island of Heuksando.
It belongs to the Asparagaceae family.
It grows in the shade and blooms with purple flowers in July and August.
Its scientific name is Hosta yingeri, named after Barry Yinger, an American botanist who discovered it in Korea in the 1980s.
Heuksando Bibichu is widely popular around the world.
We hope that people recognize it originated in Korea. 
Hongdo Wonchuri (Hongdo Day lily) - Flowering Time: August to September.
Hongdo Wonchuri is a Korean native Day lily that grows on Korea's southern island of Hongdo.
Day lily of different kinds belongs to the Asphodelaceae family.
It grows in sunny areas and blooms in summer.
Wonchuri has long been loved by Koreans.
After fall, its dry leaves stay on and cover the buds throughout winter.
Koreans thought that they resembled a mom protecting her baby and cherished them.
Wonchuri was a common subject of drawings during the Joseon Dynasty.
Donggang Halmi Kkot (Donggang Pasque) - Flowering Time: April
Donggang Halmi Kkot is a native Korean Pasque flower that grows around Donggang (River) in Gangwondo.
It is a wild flower that grows only in Korea.
Halmi Kkot grows in sunny spots in fields and mountains and blooms with dark purple flowers in April.
Halmi in Korean is a humble way for a grandmother to refer to herself.
Its flowers and fruits are covered with white hair, growing downward.
Koreans thought the flowers looked like a gray-haired old woman and began to call them "Halmi Kkot."Some children make Jokduri, a Korean traditional coronet worn by women, with Halmi Kkot.