The Vision of Asia
Have you heard the phrase, "The world is a flower"? It means the world is one inseparable entity.
Koreans like the Mugunghwa (Rose of Sharon), Chinese like the plum blossom and the peony, and Japanese like the cherry blossom.
They are all different kinds of flowers with distinct colors and scents.
However, if they are arranged in harmony, they can become one beautiful flower garden that appeals to everyone.
Our dream is to create one peaceful flower garden in the minds of people in these three Northeast Asian countries. As one Asia, we can bring more happiness and peace to the people of the world.
It is said that the 21st century is the Asian Century. Unfortunately, we are still experiencing conflict, and tensions are rising due to historical and territorial issues.
There are also economic disparities among Asian countries.
Given this situation, Korean unification will put us in the best place to solve conflict and poverty, and bring peace and shared prosperity to Asia.
Do you want to take part in creating a lasting peace in Northeast Asia?
If Korea is unified, Korea will become a gateway to prosperity in Northeast Asia!
As a hub in Asia, Korea will lead global economic growth by making the best use of its geographical, political, and cultural advantages.
By helping Russia develop its resources in Siberia and build railway networks, Korea will contribute to global energy security and the global tourism industry.
The present global economy is in recession. If Korea is unified, North Korea will be rapidly developed and contribute to economic growth in Northeast Asia.
If Korea is unified, Korea will become a leader of peacekeeping efforts in Asia!
North Korea's nuclear threat will disappear, and Korea will be denuclearized. It will lead to peace in Asia by reducing tension and excessive military spending in China and Japan.
When Korea didn't have the power to protect peace, we experienced the Sino-Japanese War, the Russo-Japanese War, the Pacific War, and the Second World War.
It was a time of suffering for numerous people around the world. Korean unification will eliminate the possibility of Korea becoming a battlefield and shattering world peace.
If Korea is unified, Korea will become a leader in solving global issues!
Korea will contribute to the balance of power between China and the United States.
Korea is the only country to have achieved economic development and democratization at the same time, among all countries that gained independence after WWII.
Using our experience, Korea will eliminate poverty in North Korea and provide hope to other countries for overcoming conflict and poverty.
In 1910, Korea lost its sovereignty to Imperial Japan, and after independence, it was divided due to ideological conflict during the Cold War.
Korean unification will prevent imperialism and ideological conflict from disturbing peace in the 21st century.
A unified Korea will be the hub of Asia, the gateway to Northeast Asia, and a loved country that shares friendship and dreams with people from all over the world.