A rose is sweeter in the bud than full blown.
Years bring wisdom.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Knowledge is power.
One cannot see the wood for the trees.
A deep distress hath humanized my soul.
Kind hearts are more than coronets.
A disease known, is half cured.
A drowning man will catch at a straw.
A fair face will get its praise, though the owner keep silent.
A forced kindness deserves no thanks.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
Make haste slowly.
Good luck does not always repeat itself.
Step by step one goes a long way.
Birds of a feather will gather together.
All cry and no wool.
Virtue subdues power.
You can't have your cake and eat it.
You cannot see the wood for the trees.
Every rose has its thorn.
A little neglect may breed mischief.
Men are known by the company they keep.
Love, and a cough, cannot be hid.
Misery loves company.
Over shoes, over boots.
Many heads, many minds.
Many hands make light work.
Things are always at their best in their beginning.
Evil is easy, and has infinite forms.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
Time, which strengthens friendship, weakens love.
Pity is akin to love.
You never miss the water till the well runs dry.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
Rolling stone gathers no moss.
Nature is the glass reflecting God.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Practice makes perfect.
People are not always how they seem.
Men are not to be measured in inches.
Too much rest is rust.
We are not hypocrites in our sleep.
Wealth brings with it many anxieties.
A flying crow always catches something.
The right people in the right jobs.
More haste, less speed.
He catches the wind with a net.
A big fish in a little pond.
He must be pure who blames another.
He that travels far knows much.
A brave man or fortunate one is able to bear envy.
A little bite catches a large fish.
A leopard cannot change his spots.
He is a good friend who applauds me behind.
A man apt to promise is apt to forget.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
Old friends and old wine are best.
Better bend than break.
Old men are always young enough to learn, with profit.
God helps those who help themselves.