A rose is sweeter in the bud than full blown.
Years bring wisdom.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Knowledge is power.
One cannot see the wood for the trees.
A deep distress hath humanized my soul.
Kind hearts are more than coronets.
A disease known, is half cured.
A drowning man will catch at a straw.
A fair face will get its praise, though the owner keep silent.
A forced kindness deserves no thanks.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
Make haste slowly.
Good luck does not always repeat itself.
Step by step one goes a long way.
Birds of a feather will gather together.
All cry and no wool.
Virtue subdues power.
You can't have your cake and eat it.
You cannot see the wood for the trees.
Every rose has its thorn.
A little neglect may breed mischief.
Men are known by the company they keep.
Love, and a cough, cannot be hid.
Misery loves company.
Over shoes, over boots.
Many heads, many minds.
Many hands make light work.
Things are always at their best in their beginning.
Evil is easy, and has infinite forms.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
Time, which strengthens friendship, weakens love.
Pity is akin to love.
You never miss the water till the well runs dry.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
Rolling stone gathers no moss.
Nature is the glass reflecting God.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Practice makes perfect.
People are not always how they seem.
Men are not to be measured in inches.
Too much rest is rust.
We are not hypocrites in our sleep.
Wealth brings with it many anxieties.
A flying crow always catches something.
The right people in the right jobs.
More haste, less speed.
He catches the wind with a net.
A big fish in a little pond.
He must be pure who blames another.
He that travels far knows much.
A brave man or fortunate one is able to bear envy.
A little bite catches a large fish.
A leopard cannot change his spots.
He is a good friend who applauds me behind.
A man apt to promise is apt to forget.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
Old friends and old wine are best.
Better bend than break.
Old men are always young enough to learn, with profit.
God helps those who help themselves.
Be so true to thyself, as thou be not false to others.
Cure the disease and kill the patient.
Books must follow sciences, and not sciences books.
Years teach us more than books.
To weep is to make less the depth of grief.
My wrath shall far exceed the love I ever bore.
Kindness in women, not their beautiful looks, shall win my love.
One must do one's best in whatever on undertakes.
Man is the paragon of animals.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things.
Know thyself.
Our bodies are our gardens, to the which our wills are gardeners.
A friend is best found in adversity.
Men have no right to what is not reasonable.
Love lodged in a woman's breast is but a guest.
A fool may talk, but a wise man speaks.
He who conquers others is strong.
A hobby began late in life.
You can't blame a person on mere suspicion.
Riches serve a wise man but command a fool.
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you.
Calamity is man's true touchstone.
They that govern the most make the least noise.
Rome was not built in a day.
Be wisely worldly, be not worldly wise.
Good words are worth much, and cost little.
Man, know thyself. All wisdom centre there.
God's mill grinds slow, but sure.
I think, therefore I am.
We are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine.
Hypocrisy is the homage that vice pays to virtue.
Real friendship is shown in times of trouble, prosperity is full of friends.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.
Success doesn't come overnight.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Man will do many things to get himself loved.
Marriage is not graduated, but beginning of a work.
Understanding is the beginning of approving.
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
Love truth, but pardon error.
He who thinks himself wise, O heavens! is a great fool.
God helps them that help themselves.
Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience.
Nature does not proceed by leaps.
Nature never deceives us; it is always we who deceive ourselves.
Custom reconciles us to everything.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few.
World history is the world's court.
He that is master of himself will soon be master of others.
Who reflects too much will accomplish little.
No furniture is so charming as books.
A woman's whole life is a history of the affection.
The best of prophets of the future is the past.
He needs an extraordinary health who will succeed in a great work.
Experience is the only prophecy of wise men.
That man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
Conviction is worthless till it converts itself into conduct.
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Justice is truth in action.
It is better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a pig satisfied.
He makes no friend who never made a foe.
Mere decay produces richer life.
The sole equality on earth is death.
He that conceals his grief finds no remedy for it.
This world is but canvas to our imaginations.
The perception of beauty is a moral rest.
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
Happiness is composed of misfortunes avoided.
A man is never so on trial as in the moment of excessive good fortune.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Great honours are great burden.
As soon as man is born he begins to die.
It is sad not to be loved, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.
What is worth doing at all is worth doing well.
Poverty keeps together more homes than it breaks up.
Of the people, by the people, for the people.
Life has no meaning except in terms of responsibility.
Old soldiers never die; they only fade away!
Nature is the best physician.
Man proposes, God disposes.
He that's content hath enough.
He who carries nothing, loses nothing.
Rich are the diligent who can command Time - Nature's stock.
Knowledge is scarce, wisdom is scarcer.
Life has its sorrows, as every rose has its thorns.
He that travels much knows much.
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
Love is a sickness full of weeds, all remedies refusing.
Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?
Keep something for a rainy day.
The more she spurns my love, the more it grows.
Frailty, thy name is woman.
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players.
Young in limbs, in judgment old.
One must make the best of things.
A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Beauty is only skin deep.
Never love unless you can bear with all the faults of man.
Masters are mostly the greatest servant in the house.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
Marriage are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
Man is a voluntary agent.
Question is not answer.
Vision is the art of seeing the invisible.
Youth smiles without any reason. It is one of its chiefest charms.
Man learn to be wise by the folly of other.
Be wise; soar not too high to fall; but stoop to rise.
He that would govern others, first should be master of himself.
Other times, other manners.
No man is the wiser for his learning.
Preachers say, Do as I say, not as I do.
Man should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
Our ideals are our better selves.
Where the drink goes in, there the wit goes out.
Time is the rider that breaks youth.
One hour's sleep before midnight is worth three after.
Life is half spent before we know what it is.
Much caution does no harm.
Law to ourselves, our reason is our law.
Most people judge men only by their success or their good fortune.
There is great skill in knowing how to conceal one's skill.
Read not for others but for yourself.
We may give advice, but we do not inspire conduct.
Few people know how to be old.
Life is an incurable disease.
People who made no noise are dangerous.
A learned fool is more foolish than an ignorant one.
Many countries so many customs.
You have to walk the talk.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart.
Man is but a reed, the weakest in nature, but he is a thinking reed.
Pains of love be sweeter far than all other pleasure are.
Jealousy is the jaundice of the soul.
Genius must be born, and never can be taught.
Men are but children of a larger growth.
The wisest man is he who does not fancy that he is so at all.
Eternity was in that moment.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
A fool at forty is a fool indeed.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
He that lends, gives.
An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
Style is the dress of thoughts.
Memories are like stones, time and distance erode them like acid.
Paradise is where I am.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
Eat to live, and not live to eat.
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
If a tree dies, plant another in its place.
Marriage has many pains, but celibacy has no pleasures.
Being in a ship is like being in a jail, with the chance of being drowned.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives.
Life is a progress from want to want, not from enjoyment to enjoyment.
Custom, then, is the great guide of human life.
If you are idle, be not solitary, if you are solitary, be not idle.
A man says what he knows, a woman says what will please.
The true beggar is the true king.
Poetry is the mother tongue of mankind.
Variety's the very spice of life.
A drop in the ocean.
He got what he bargained for.
Give me liberty or give me death!
The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
We can see through others only when we see through ourselves.
A day after the fair.
One lives but once in the world.
Without haste, but without rest.
Be just before you're generous.
There is not a passion so strongly rooted in the human heart as envy.
Great souls suffer in silence.
A growing youth has a wolf in his belly.
What is reasonable is real; that which is real is reasonable.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart.
Virtue is no empty echo.
Credulity is the man's weakness, but the child's strength.
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
Do not shorten the morning by getting up late.
A dram of discretion is worth a pound of wisdom.
It would be a great thing to understand pain in all its meaning.
A fog cannot be dispelled with a fan.
No matter how fair the sun shines, still it must set.
All greatness is unconscious, or it is little and naught.
Be master of mouth, not slave of words.
The first virtue of a painting is to be a feast for the eyes.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Life is perfected by death.
Great is the art of beginning, but greater the art is of ending.
Age, like distance, lends a double charm.
There is no time like the old time, when you and I were young.
No one can be more wise than destiny.
To be awake is to be alive.
Wealth brings with it many anxieties.
It matters not how long we live, but how.
It takes two to speak the truth; one to speak, and another to hear.
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters.
He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity.
The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
A light heart lives long.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
Never teach a child anything of which you are not yourself.
A man is not good or bad for one action.
Handsome is as handsome does.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.
Every cause produces more than one effect.
Veracity is the heart of morality.
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
Old age is an island surrounded by death.
He is not fit for riches who is afraid to use them.
In revenge and in love woman is more barbarous than man.
He is building a bridge over the sea.
The difficulty in life is the choice.
He who can does. He who cannot, teaches.
Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn.
You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
Much will have more.
Literature flourishes best when it is half a trade and half an art.
He who rebukes the world is rebuked by the world.
Much water runs by the mill that the miller knows not of.
How awful to reflect that what people say of us is true!
One's eyes are what one is, one's mouth is what one becomes.
People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise.
A promise made is a debt unpaid.
A poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
The worst friend and enemy is but Death.
When poverty comes in at the door love flies out of the window.
A man of words and not of deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
Old habits die hard.
Love me little, love me long.
Human history is in essence a history of ideas.
Around the world thoughts shall fly in the twinkling of an eye.
Chance is a nickname for Providence.
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine.
Women ought to be as glad to be women as men are to be men.
The sea refuses no rivers.
The past one can know, but the future feel.
The soul of man, too, is a universe.
God and reason are identical.
Old is but good is.
Almost everything that is great has been done by youth.
Never trouble till trouble troubles you.
He that increases knowledge increases sorrow.
The mouth speaks what the heart is full of.
The beginning is half of the whole.
A man must eat a peck of salt with his friend before he knows him.
Harmonious cooperation is everything in accomplishing something.