Be so true to thyself, as thou be not false to others.
Cure the disease and kill the patient.
Books must follow sciences, and not sciences books.
Years teach us more than books.
To weep is to make less the depth of grief.
My wrath shall far exceed the love I ever bore.
Kindness in women, not their beautiful looks, shall win my love.
One must do one's best in whatever on undertakes.
Man is the paragon of animals.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things.
Know thyself.
Our bodies are our gardens, to the which our wills are gardeners.
A friend is best found in adversity.
Men have no right to what is not reasonable.
Love lodged in a woman's breast is but a guest.
A fool may talk, but a wise man speaks.
He who conquers others is strong.
A hobby began late in life.
You can't blame a person on mere suspicion.
Riches serve a wise man but command a fool.
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you.
Calamity is man's true touchstone.
They that govern the most make the least noise.
Rome was not built in a day.
Be wisely worldly, be not worldly wise.
Good words are worth much, and cost little.
Man, know thyself. All wisdom centre there.
God's mill grinds slow, but sure.
I think, therefore I am.
We are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine.
Hypocrisy is the homage that vice pays to virtue.
Real friendship is shown in times of trouble, prosperity is full of friends.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.
Success doesn't come overnight.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Man will do many things to get himself loved.
Marriage is not graduated, but beginning of a work.
Understanding is the beginning of approving.
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
Love truth, but pardon error.
He who thinks himself wise, O heavens! is a great fool.
God helps them that help themselves.
Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience.
Nature does not proceed by leaps.
Nature never deceives us; it is always we who deceive ourselves.
Custom reconciles us to everything.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few.
World history is the world's court.
He that is master of himself will soon be master of others.
Who reflects too much will accomplish little.
No furniture is so charming as books.
A woman's whole life is a history of the affection.
The best of prophets of the future is the past.
He needs an extraordinary health who will succeed in a great work.
Experience is the only prophecy of wise men.
That man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
Conviction is worthless till it converts itself into conduct.
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Justice is truth in action.
It is better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a pig satisfied.
He makes no friend who never made a foe.
Mere decay produces richer life.
The sole equality on earth is death.
He that conceals his grief finds no remedy for it.
This world is but canvas to our imaginations.
The perception of beauty is a moral rest.
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
Happiness is composed of misfortunes avoided.
A man is never so on trial as in the moment of excessive good fortune.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Great honours are great burden.
As soon as man is born he begins to die.
It is sad not to be loved, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.
What is worth doing at all is worth doing well.
Poverty keeps together more homes than it breaks up.
Of the people, by the people, for the people.
Life has no meaning except in terms of responsibility.
Old soldiers never die; they only fade away!
Nature is the best physician.
Man proposes, God disposes.
He that's content hath enough.
He who carries nothing, loses nothing.
Rich are the diligent who can command Time - Nature's stock.
Knowledge is scarce, wisdom is scarcer.
Life has its sorrows, as every rose has its thorns.
He that travels much knows much.